Added SeenThis page block and custom tag (#236)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/block_reference.md

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

## SeenThis! block

> SeenThis! block provides an adaptive streaming technology with no limitations as conventional streaming service. It allows to preserve the best video quality with minimum amount of data transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration with (SeenThis!)[https://seenthis.co/] service. SeenThis! block provides an adaptive streaming technology with no limitations as conventional streaming service. It allows to preserve the best video quality with minimum amount of data transfer.
```

> Integration with (SeenThis!)[https://seenthis.co/] service. SeenThis! block provides an adaptive streaming technology with no limitations as conventional streaming service. It allows to preserve the best video quality with minimum amount of data transfer.

Reviewer 2: We discussed it as a team last week, we even have a ticket for it https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/IBX-6762, but it is not in Justyna's scope so let's not dwell on that 😃

!!! note

>     This page block is in an opt-in bundle, to use it, install the bundle first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This page block is in an opt-in bundle, to use it, install `ibexa/connector-seenthis` bundle first.
```

On the **Basic** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** – Enter a name for the page block.
- **Video ID** – Enter the ID of the video to be streamed.
- **Tracker ID** – Enter the tracking code.
- **Big play button** – Set to display large play button.
- **Autoplay** – Configure whether the video starts automatically.
- **Muted** – Configure whether the video starts muted.
- **Play button** – Set the number of products to be displayed.
- **Mute button** – Set whether the mute button is displayed or not.

> - **Loop** – Set to play a video in a loop mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Loop** – Set whether to play a video in a loop mode.
```

- **Loop count** – Set the number of loop repetitions.

> - **Include audio** – Set to include or not audio with the video.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Include audio** – Configure whether to include audio with the video.
```

> On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products, and submit your changes.
```

!!! note

>     SeenThis technology might be blocked by some ad blocker solutions. If you can't see the block once configured, check ad blocker configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Some ad blocker solutions block content that comes from SeenThis. If you can't see the block after it is configured, check the ad blocker configuration.
```

>     SeenThis technology might be blocked by some ad blocker solutions. If you can't see the block once configured, check ad blocker configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    SeenThis! technology might be blocked by some ad blocker solutions. If you can't see the block once configured, check the ad blocker configuration.
```
